4195 - Fix select all rows with datagrid (#4217)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.32.0 Fixes

> - `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where select all rows were keep adding to selected array every time method `selectAllRows()` run. ([#4195](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4195))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the selectedRows array contents continued to multiply each time running `selectAllRows`. ([#4195](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4195))
```
